Welcome!
I’m here with my good friend and cohost,
Chris Mavor.
Chris, what’s in store
for this month’s program?
Thanks, Brother Herd.
We’ll see the value of learning
from the good example
of Philip the evangelizer.
We’ll also learn why Jehovah
is still the best Teacher today.
And our new song shows how,
by safeguarding our heart and mind,
we can focus on Jehovah’s blessings.
This is JW Broadcasting® for April 2021!
In addressing our theme
“Is Your Best Good Enough?”
I’d like to start by reading Galatians 6:4.
It says: “But let each one
“examine his own actions,
“and then he will have cause for rejoicing
“in regard to himself alone,
and not in comparison with the other person.”
We’re told to “examine [our] own actions.”
So ask yourself: ‘How am I doing spiritually?
‘Am I happy with my attendance
at Christian meetings?
‘Do I participate
by sharing meaningful comments as able?
‘How about my personal study of the Bible?
‘Let me examine
my involvement in the ministry.
‘Could I do better in preparing
for my return visits?
‘Do I conduct any Bible studies
with interested ones?
If so, am I content with what I am doing?’
In effect, you’re asking yourself,
‘Is my best good enough?’
We might see others in the congregation
that are doing more than we are.
But then we look back at Galatians 6:4 again,
and it clearly said
that I should not compare
myself with the other person.
So we could quickly assume
that we’re doing what we can,
reasoning that it’s good enough.
But let’s not forget
the first part of the verse.
We are to “examine [our] own actions.”
We need to compare what we are doing
with what we personally could be doing.
We need to be active
and not become
self-satisfied and overconfident.
First Corinthians 10:12
provides this warning:
“So let the one who thinks he is standing
beware that he does not fall.”
But you may say: ‘I’m doing my best!
What more can I do?’
Take a good look at your best—scrutinize it.
Examine very closely all you’re doing
with the time that you have.
Can mundane activity be replaced
with theocratic activity?
What do you see?
Is your best good enough?
It may be; it may not be.
It depends on one’s outlook.
What are some examples?
A runner in a race—he practices; trains;
eats the right things;
keeps a lean, healthy body;
wears the best running shoes; and so forth.
He gives his best
but loses the race to someone faster.
His best was not good enough.
Why?
It was compared to
whether he was faster than his competitors.
Yohan Blake lost to Usain Bolt
in a 100-meter event in 2012
by just a fraction of a second.
He did his best,
but his best wasn’t good enough.
A mother and daughter
—the daughter is
in the second grade at school.
She brings home a picture she drew in class.
The teacher had put a B- on the picture.
The daughter shows it to her mother,
and the mother crosses out the B-
and puts an A+ on it.
She then tapes the picture
on the refrigerator.
What is the difference
between the teacher and the mother?
The teacher compares the student
to other classmates of her age.
The mother grades her according to her best,
not in comparison with others.
Jehovah does not compare your best
with the best of others.
Let’s look at Psalm 103:14.
When Jehovah examines
our spiritual accomplishments,
what’s one of his measuring sticks?
Psalm 103:14:
“For he well knows how we are formed,
remembering that we are dust.”
“Dust” is used figuratively,
indicating mankind’s frailty and lowliness.
By “remembering that we are dust,”
Jehovah never asks more of us
than we can give.
However, he expects us to obey his commands
to the best of our own ability.
Mark 12:30
—you can likely quote it from memory.
Verse 30 says:
“You must love Jehovah your God
“with your whole heart
“and with your whole soul
“and with your whole mind
and with your whole strength.”
This embraces everything we have
—all that we are.
You go in service;
you use “your whole strength”
to accomplish it.
That’s commendable.
But what good is it to use our whole strength
to go in service if our mind
cannot direct our tongue
to say the right things
when we talk to a person?
‘I used a lot
‘of my strength walking
‘from door to door,
climbing stairs, and so forth.
‘And yet, no one let me get past
my introduction.’
Question: Was that
the best introduction you could give?
How long have you been using
that introduction?
Would a new one help?
Would using “your whole mind”
by means of advance preparation
result in making your best even better?
Have you tried to use
some of the introductions
demonstrated at our midweek meetings
or some of those found
in the Reasoning From the Scriptures  book,
pages 9-15?
What does the householder see
in your face
when she opens the door?
Is your countenance
radiating pleasantness and kindness?
Does she see good news or bad news?
Do you look happy or sad?
The message
we’re commissioned to deliver today
is the “good news of the Kingdom.”
We expect it to change
sometime in the near future.
Do the best you can until you know better.
Then when you know better, you can do better.
You attend all congregation meetings
and pay rapt attention with your mind.
You’re to be commended.
But is that all that’s required
to love Jehovah with our whole mind?
Are we meditating on the knowledge
that we receive at our meetings
in order to draw close to Jehovah?
James 4:8 says:
“Draw close to God,
and he will draw close to you.”
That’s one benefit we receive
from our meeting attendance.
Let’s read Hebrews 10:24, 25.
This is another benefit
of regular meeting attendance.
In this way, we give
and receive encouragement.
Verses 24 and 25 read:
“And let us consider one another
“so as to incite to love and fine works,
“not forsaking our meeting together,
“as some have the custom,
“but encouraging one another,
“and all the more so
as you see the day drawing near.”
Do you give comments at meetings?
Are they well-prepared?
Do they encourage your brothers and sisters?
Are you giving your best?
If so, then your best is good enough.
What about your personal study
or family worship?
Are you doing your best?
Is your best good enough?
“I read all The Watchtowers  and Awakes!
when they come out,” you say.
It goes without saying that that’s good.
What did you find in what you read
that will deepen your love
and appreciation for Jehovah
and draw you closer to him?
Do you use your whole mind
to meditate and continue to think about it,
thus spiking it down deep into your heart?
Some things we learn
may not be immediately applicable
but can be regurgitated
and applied later as needed.
Are you giving serious attention
to the spiritual needs
of your wife and children?
Yes, you have family worship most weeks.
That’s commendable.
Do you prepare well for it
or just throw something together
at the last minute?
What if your wife
just threw something on the table
for dinner each evening
without giving any thought
to the health needs of the family?
Think: Is your best good enough?
We can slop a pig, and he’ll enjoy it.
But give the same garbage
to a cow, and she’ll ignore it.
Why are we considering
“Is Your Best Good Enough?”
It’s only as a reminder
to look at what we think to be our best
in what we’re doing
for ourselves, our families,
and our spiritual brothers and sisters.
And remember, our best is not compared
with the best of another brother or sister.
Only Jehovah knows
when we’re doing our best.
He is a righteous and fair Judge.
Our knowledge, even of ourself,
can be faulty because of inherited sin.
Therefore, it’s wisdom on our part
to keep examining ourselves
to see where we might improve.
So is your best good enough?
I’d like to think it is.
What do you think?
What would you like to be known for?
In the first century,
a servant of Jehovah named Philip
was known as “the evangelizer.”
In the following dramatization,
we’ll learn how Philip earned this reputation
and what we can apply from his good example.
Please find your seats.
It’s time to start our graduation program.
We never dreamed this would happen.
This is a very special day
all of us have been anxiously waiting for.
We’re happy to see all of you here.
It all started a few years ago.
If you’d like to have the circuit overseer
and his wife for a meal . . .
It was during that visit and this question.
His theme on Tuesday is
“What Lessons Can We Learn
From Philip the Evangelizer?”
Hmm.
What could we learn from Philip?
Honestly, we were already busy
with the right things.
Lilly and the girls helped out
wherever they could.
I worked
on Kingdom Hall maintenance projects.
And we had
a regular schedule for the ministry.
But like in a lot of places,
when someone showed interest,
it was tough to find them again.
I wondered if our spiritual routine
needed an update.
Looking forward to that talk,
I decided we’d research Philip
for family worship
—Acts chapter 6.
Philip was one of seven brothers
selected to distribute food
to Christian widows in Jerusalem.
That was an important assignment,
but he did so much more than that.
Hmm, this is interesting.
Because of the persecution,
Philip had to flee from Jerusalem to Samaria.
Samaria hadn’t accepted
the word of Jehovah yet.
But Philip saw that trial
as a spiritual opportunity.
Samaria was largely untouched
by the preaching work.
Philip declared the good news zealously,
and many believed and got baptized.
But sometime later,
an angel spoke with him.
He told Philip
to “get up and go to the south.”
That led him to find the Ethiopian eunuch
and preach in other cities.
Philip was willing to serve
wherever there was a need.
And he always kept that evangelizing spirit.
Some twenty years later,
he was still known as “the evangelizer.”
By that time, his life had changed.
He was a family man with four daughters.
But that didn’t stop him
from showing hospitality
when Paul and his companions came to visit.
Visits like that must have been
full of spiritual lessons for his daughters.
That night, we came up
with a few things we wanted to do.
We started by having
the circuit overseer to lunch.
We hadn’t made time for that in a while.
Alex and Carla’s experiences
made the girls excited
to reach their own spiritual goals.
But like Philip,
changes came that we didn’t expect.
I was out of work for a few months.
It was a stressful time
but also a spiritual opportunity.
I could visit people
at different times of the day.
We tried to make the most
of the situation and preach zealously
like Philip.
And here we are,
watching our girls graduate
from the School for Kingdom Evangelizers.
Those few lessons
made a big difference for this family
of evangelizers.
The Bible is rich with examples like Philip.
And we have many fine examples
among Jehovah’s people in our day.
Learning from them
helps us make good decisions
and manage serious issues.
Let’s pay attention to this interview
with Eugene and Odile Nteziryayo,
who attended the 145th class of Gilead.
What can we learn from their example
of faith and endurance?
With us today, we have
Eugene and Odile Nteziryayo.
They’ve graduated
from the 145th class of Gilead,
and they lived through this mayhem.
Odile, now, your family is Tutsi,
and this must have certainly
put them in danger.
The killing was happening
all over the country,
so my parents and my brother were killed.
I saw that some religious leaders
were involved
in killing people in the genocide.
I couldn’t believe how friendly people
who were previously living together
now started killing their neighbors.
How did you get contact with the truth?
So after the genocide,
I was taken in by my aunt
whose family were Jehovah’s Witnesses,
so I began studying the Bible with them.
I was in the Live Forever  book.
I saw a picture of a priest
blessing people in the church,
and then he was blessing troops
who were going to kill.
But also I could see
how brothers and sisters in the congregation
would love and encourage.
And they risked their lives
to take care of one another.
Oh, that’s touching.
Now, Eugene,
your family was not a direct target
of the violence,
but what other hardships did you face?
The economic situation was very difficult.
My family had no money,
and they could not buy food.
I remember my mom
—I can still see her lying on the bed
in complete despair,
not knowing what she could do
for us children.
The elders asked me to go
to the Kingdom Hall,
and when I arrived,
they handed me 18,000 Rwandan francs.
The elders told me
that my brothers and sisters from abroad
offered us this gift.
So I immediately ran back home,
found my mom still lying on the bed,
and gave her the money.
I can still see my mom crying
because of the joy
and thankfulness
of what the brothers had done.
Excellent.
Now, looking back at all the injustices
you and your family have suffered,
Odile, what has helped you
to not become a bitter person?
The preaching work is very important to me
because the more I talk
about the Bible’s promises,
the more they become real to me.
For example, when I talk
about the resurrection hope
and the condition of the dead,
this helps me to feel
that my loved ones are not suffering anymore
and they are waiting to be resurrected.
So this makes me feel happy.
The scripture that comes to mind is
1 John 2:6, 7,
where the apostle John repeated
Jesus’ command
of loving one another just as Jesus loved us.
Christians during that time
were facing persecution,
and now they needed a fresh application
of that scripture in their lives.
We all love one another,
but during difficult moments
like the ones our brothers in Rwanda
went through,
they needed that fresh application
of this very commandment of Jesus:
loving one another to the point
of risking our lives for our brothers.
Being here in Gilead
has reminded me of that fact
—that I really need to love
my brothers and sisters
as Jesus loved us.
You brothers and sisters in Rwanda
have given us a wonderful example
of courage and faith and love.
Please know that we love you all very much.
Thank you.
Thank you for joining us
on this edition of Extraordinary Experiences.
That was a very moving experience.
We can imitate the good example
of our brothers in Rwanda
by taking care of brothers and sisters
when they’re in need.
In recent years,
our video dramas have brought to life
Jonah, Josiah, and other examples of faith.
Have you wondered how our brothers ensure
that these dramas
are both vivid and accurate?
Well, let’s go behind the scenes
of one of our latest dramas:
Nehemiah:
“The Joy of Jehovah Is Your Stronghold.”
In Nehemiah’s day, the Jews joyfully embarked
on a massive building project.
With Jehovah’s direction and help,
they were able to finish the work
in just 52 days.
You look like you’ve been working.
During the production of the film
Nehemiah:
“The Joy of Jehovah Is Your Stronghold,”
the walls of Jerusalem were built once again,
but this time at the Mount Ebo studios
in Brewster, New York.
A variety of skills were needed
to produce this drama
with many volunteers coming together,
using their time, energy, and abilities
to create an accurate teaching tool.
And they found great joy in their work.
Good planning was needed
right at the start of production.
Every day began with a Scriptural discussion
and prayer.
The costume and makeup departments
prepared the actors to appear on set.
Assistance was provided to help actors
feel more comfortable
in front of the cameras.
And action!
Brothers, please.
Have they attacked anyone yet?
They must have.
No! But they will.
While the production team
was filming in one studio,
sets were being prepared in another.
To add to the realism,
detailed props were made
—many using 3D printing.
With all of these researched
and crafted costumes,
sets, and props combined,
environments were designed
to accurately recreate the time period.
But even more was needed
to convey what it was like
to live in Jerusalem during Nehemiah’s day.
For example, there were many animals on set.
Even after principal filming was completed,
sets built in the studio were extended
using advanced visual effects.
Digital construction work was done
by the visual effects team.
Yes, building is a legacy of God’s people.
Nehemiah was one of many
who throughout history
devoted their energies
to supporting the work of building.
In a similar way,
the production team that made
Nehemiah:
“The Joy of Jehovah Is Your Stronghold,”
joyfully worked hard to produce a film
that helps build love and appreciation
in the hearts of God’s people.
We learn from good examples
like Nehemiah and many others.
But, as we’ll see in our next video,
we also learn important lessons
from those who made poor decisions.
I was born to two Christian parents;
they always tried to instill in us
a love for Jehovah.
But I felt quite lonely growing up,
and I felt like I didn’t have people
who wanted to do the same things
—the lifestyle, the way they spoke,
the music they were listening to—
and so for me, the real struggle was
where do I stand?
Where are my boundaries going to be set?
It’s really hard because it could mean
the difference between having a friend
and not having a friend.
Over the years, I have talked to several
who’ve perhaps drifted a little bit
in the truth.
And that unfortunately happened
to some of my friends.
Nobody is immune
to the pressures of the world.
I was born and raised by Christian parents,
so all through my childhood
and teenage years,
I was happy serving Jehovah,
but it got a little bit harder
when I started to work.
People at work would ask me
to do social activities with them,
go for a drink and things,
but there were men who would ask me
to go out with them.
It’s flattering when someone
shows interest in you, so it was nice,
but it was hard to have to
constantly remind myself,
‘Well, you know that this
is not going to be successful;
you know this person doesn’t love Jehovah.’
I remember one day
I drove into a parking lot,
and I just prayed to Jehovah
with tears in my eyes, and I said:
“This is too hard. This is just too hard.
“The people that are my friends
are starting to leave the truth.
I feel quite lonely,
but I want to serve you.”
After that prayer I went home,
I spoke to my mom,
and she got really quiet,
and she just looked at me and said,
“Anything Jehovah tells you
is to benefit yourself.”
And it clicked in that moment
that Jehovah was saying to me: “I love you.
“I will carry you through this time,
and you’ll see
“that there will be all these blessings
that’ll open up to you,
“and you’ll have
a really wonderful, colorful life,
but you have to hang in there.”
Even though it was hard,
I resisted the temptation,
but someone close to me
who faced the same pressure
gave in and ended up leaving Jehovah.
When I heard
that she was disfellowshipped,
it just completely hit me so hard
because you really are just worried
about what is going to happen
with their future.
After a while, she did come back to Jehovah.
She’s raising a child on her own.
One day we were having a video chat
with the little one
just playing in the background,
and she suddenly turned around and said,
“Mummy, why did you marry someone
who doesn’t love Jehovah?”
She understood that we need to live
according to Jehovah’s standards.
As elders, we can help people to get up
and get back on the path to life,
and it’s a real pleasure.
I’m reminded about the account of David.
Eventually he was forgiven by Jehovah
because he had a good heart;
however, there were consequences
all through his life.
I’ve received so many blessings
for sticking to Jehovah.
I found a lovely brother to marry
in the Christian congregation,
and we’re very happy together.
The thing to do
is to just stick with Jehovah.
“Taste and see that Jehovah is good,”
and when you do that, you will appreciate
that there is absolutely no need
to go anywhere else.
Having observed what has happened
to people who have left the truth
and the baggage they sometimes
end up carrying
when they come back in the truth
makes me feel that it’s just not worth it.
Really, Jehovah is like a parent;
he wants to protect us and care for us.
Things will always work out for the best
if you do things Jehovah’s way.
I feel my family has had many blessings.
As a husband and a father,
I’ve got four children
who have all grown up in the truth.
They’ve all gone on to have
good theocratic lives,
where they’ve enjoyed
many privileges of service.
So for me, it’s been a real blessing
to do things Jehovah’s way.
I think when you test out the world,
Satan will give you immediate satisfaction,
but when you serve no purpose
to him anymore, that’s it.
One of the most beautiful blessings
I’ve received is people
—people around you who love Jehovah
and who want to serve him the way you do.
I really strongly believe that Jehovah
not only gives us a lot of blessings
but gives us blessings
that he’s handpicked for us.
My observation would be
that experience is not the best teacher;
Jehovah is the best Teacher.
Jehovah wants us to be happy
and avoid the painful consequences
of bad decisions.
If you’re facing
a test of integrity in some way,
remember that, as our brother said,
“Jehovah is [our] best Teacher.”
Of course, if we’re to learn from Jehovah,
we have to allow him to teach us.
We must let him mold us.
This was the topic
of a recent morning worship
by Brother Gary Breaux.
Our scripture here, Isaiah 64:8,
clearly establishes
that Jehovah God is the Potter
—the Great Potter, in fact—
and we are the clay.
Now, in what way is he molding us?
Well, one way is through adjusting
our Christian personality.
Now, how does he do that?
Well, he uses his Word
—the Bible—
his holy spirit,
and the Christian congregation.
So, what we’re going to do is talk
about how Jehovah helps
to mold our personality.
What’s the process that’s used?
We’re going to talk about two aspects
of the Christian personality
—humility and kindness.
So we said one way Jehovah uses
to mold our personality
is his Word, the Bible.
And Hebrews 4:12 says
that God’s Word has tremendous power.
So we take individual scriptures
as we are reading it;
we look at our own personality:
‘What does it say about me?
How can I improve?’
Let’s take an example: humility.
We are going to go to Philippians chapter 2,
verses 3 and 4.
We see how this is a powerful aid to us.
Here’s what we should do,
Philippians 2:3, 4:
“Do nothing out of contentiousness
or out of egotism,
“but with humility
“consider others superior to you,
“as you look not only for your own interests,
but also for the interests of others.”
So when we read this scripture,
we look at ourselves and say:
‘Well, how am I doing with this?
‘Do I see that I have made progress,
‘especially if this has been
an issue in the past?
‘Is Jehovah somehow nudging me,
adjusting me,
molding me by means
of this powerful scripture?’
Ask yourself about humility:
‘Am I the person that always seems
to be in charge?
‘Do I give that attitude across to others?
Or, as it says here,
Do I view others as superior?’
Maybe even we’re saying,
“I admit that that sister
has more patience than I have,”
or “That brother is really
a better teacher than I am.”
So, you see, by means
of individual scriptures,
Jehovah God can help to mold our thinking.
Now, in addition to the individual scripture,
the Bible also provides examples
of that quality in action.
And so the Watchtower  comment for today
uses Christ Jesus as an example of humility.
So let’s open to that scripture
(it’s referred to)
in Luke chapter 22.
And as we read the account,
we think: ‘What can I learn?
‘How did he handle it?
How can I apply it?’
So Luke 22:24
—this took place
the evening before his death.
It says: “However, there also arose
a heated dispute among them
over which one of them
was considered to be the greatest.”
Well, automatically we see
there’s a problem of humility here.
Well, so, let’s move down now
to verses 26 and 27.
He says: “You, though,
are not to be that way.
“But let the one
who is the greatest among you
“become as the youngest,
“and the one taking the lead
as the one ministering.
“For which one is greater,
“the one dining or the one serving?
“Is it not the one dining?
But I am among you as the one serving.”
Now, these were not just words,
because the apostles had seen
three and a half years of a beautiful example
of Jesus serving others
—truly a humble man.
And through our Bible reading too,
we have seen this example of humility
that we can apply.
So it’s good for us to ask ourselves:
‘Am I a proud person?
‘Do I give off that impression to others?
‘Do I view myself as “one dining”
or as “one serving”?’
Well, now, another way that Jehovah uses
to mold our Christian personality
is the holy spirit.
Now, how does that work?
Well, if you look at Galatians 5:19,
it talks about “the works of the flesh.”
And then in verse 22,
it refers to “the fruitage of the spirit”
—“works of the flesh,”
“fruitage of the spirit.”
Now, work
is a result of what one does.
It’s the product of your actions.
And so the apostle Paul lists,
as you see there, under “works of the flesh,”
various results that come
as a result of a conscious effort
on an individual’s part
or possibly because of human imperfection.
But, on the other hand, Paul talks
about “the fruitage of the spirit”
—not work, but the fruitage it results in.
And this is implying
that qualities that are listed there
as fruitage of the spirit
are not the result of some sort
of program we get into
to adjust our character,
but it’s the operation of God’s spirit
upon the individual.
It’s this tremendous force
and power from Jehovah God
that moves us in certain ways.
It may be to recognize scripture
or to listen to counsel.
Yes, we need to pray for his holy spirit
so that we can develop
those Christian qualities that Paul mentions.
So when you look at verse 22,
one of those qualities is kindness.
How important is that
for the Christian personality?
So when the Great Potter looks at us,
does he see a need for adjustments
in the way we display kindness to others?
See, are we praying to Jehovah God,
“Please, Jehovah, help me develop
this fruitage of the spirit”?
Here, again, the Bible gives examples
of individuals who had kindness.
It’s the quality in action, so to speak.
And in this case, Jehovah God, of course,
is the greatest example.
Here it is.
In Genesis chapter 3,
it describes in verse 7
that after Adam and Eve ate the fruit,
then they recognized their nakedness.
So what did they do?
“They sewed fig leaves together” as clothing.
But, now, in verse 21,
before putting them out of the garden of Eden
into the thorns and thistles,
what did Jehovah do?
Well, it says he ‘made long garments
out of skins to clothe them.’
Now, that’s the ultimate kindness.
See, we want to allow these examples
to touch us in ways
that move us to be kind to others.
Now, one benefit of kindness is
that people are drawn to that kind of person.
Proverbs 11:17 says this:
“A kind man benefits himself.”
It’s enjoyable being
around a kind person, isn’t it?
A kind person easily finds
and keeps good friends.
Now, the Ministry School  textbook says
that “one who is kind and mild-tempered
is gentle in his way of doing things.”
Now, under the chapter “Voice Quality,”
here’s what it says:
“People are greatly influenced
“not only by what is said
“but also by how it is said.
“If a person speaking to you has a voice
“that is pleasant, warm, friendly, and kind,
is it not true that you
are more inclined to listen favorably?”
Most certainly it is.
And I might say
that the November study edition
of The Watchtower  we just received
has a beautiful article in it entitled
“Kindness—A Quality Expressed
in Word and Action.”
So when it comes to our Christian personality
—especially involving humility and kindness,
as we’ve talked about today—
may each of us respond
to the molding of Jehovah God.
He uses his Word
—the Bible—
and he uses his holy spirit.
Now, we also said
Jehovah uses the congregation.
So may we all be responsive to counsel
that we receive either from the platform
or maybe individual counsel
to improve in these areas.
And if we respond correctly,
then we can say
as recorded at Isaiah 64:8:
“But now, O Jehovah, you are our Father.
“We are the clay, and you are our Potter;
we are all the work of your hand.”
Do you sometimes feel
that your best is not good enough?
As Brother Herd said earlier, it can happen.
But as our new song reminds us,
we overcome these feelings
by safeguarding our heart and mind.
I really want to do what’s right,
But there’s a war inside my mind—
Doubting if I measure up,
Wond’ring if I do enough.
I lie awake and pray to you,
Because you told me that’s what I should do.
When anxious thoughts surround me,
Jehovah, Father, you tell me
To safeguard my heart
and safeguard my mind,
Stay focused on good things in life.
I won’t give in to what gets me down.
I’ll safeguard my mind,
and peace will be found.
I really long to do your will,
But I get tired from how I feel,
Thinking life is just too tough
And I don’t deserve your love.
But I get up and out the door
And share my hope for the future in store.
I won’t let sadness drown me.
Jehovah, Father, you ground me.
I’ll safeguard my heart
and safeguard my mind,
Stay focused on good things in life.
I won’t give in to what gets me down.
I’ll safeguard my mind,
and peace will be found.
Peace will be found.
I won’t give up
pushing away
Harmful thoughts
that come through the day.
No need to stress
and no need to doubt—
Jehovah, I’m glad you gave me a way out.
You gave me a way out.
I’ll safeguard my heart
and safeguard my mind,
Stay focused on good things in life.
I won’t give in to what gets me down.
I’ll safeguard my mind,
and peace will be found.
What an encouraging song for all of us!
Although we saw a sister
facing discouraging moments,
it affects everyone
—men, couples, young ones, the elderly.
Throughout our program,
we saw how Jehovah teaches us
through the examples of others.
Philip inspires us
to have the evangelizing spirit.
We learned how Jehovah helps us
avoid mistakes and disappointments.
And we saw how Jehovah
used brothers and sisters
to help Eugene and Odile
through very difficult times.
And our music video
reminds us
that safeguarding our mind and heart
helps us focus on Jehovah’s blessings.
Before we say goodbye,
let’s enjoy our video postcard,
which comes to us
from our brothers and sisters
in the Republic of Lithuania.
Lithuania is a small country
on the eastern edge of the Baltic Sea.
The land features
a beautiful coastline, forests, rivers,
and thousands of lakes.
Castles dot the scenery.
For centuries,
the Baltic Sea has washed ashore
pieces of fossilized tree resin
known as amber.
And to this day,
Lithuanian craftsmen
form it into jewelry.
Nearly 3,000 publishers
are sharing the good news here.
They conduct
more than 1,800 Bible studies every month.
Our brothers participate
in many forms of the ministry.
They enjoy the door-to-door work
in cities and villages.
And they’re active in public witnessing
throughout the country.
Klaipėda is home to Lithuania’s largest port.
Cruise ships
bring tourists from many countries.
In the center of the city,
our brothers have set up a kiosk,
where people can take literature
in multiple languages
and watch videos on jw.org.
Informal witnessing is also effective
in reaching people
on the shore of the Baltic Sea,
in the resort town of Birštonas,
and in the city of Kaunas.
The Curonian Spit
is a lush 100-kilometer,
or 60-mile, strip of land
that rests between the Baltic Sea
and the Curonian Lagoon.
It’s a popular tourist destination,
and Jehovah’s Witnesses
are there to greet them.
Our brothers enjoy getting together
for encouraging association.
They watch JW Broadcasting programs
and enjoy hospitality.
Favorite Lithuanian dishes include shashlik
—skewered, grilled meat—
and cold borscht soup,
which is made of beets and sour cream,
served with hot potatoes.
Our brothers and sisters in Lithuania
send their warm love and greetings.
Thank you, Chris.
That was an encouraging program.
We want you to know
we love you brothers very much.
From the World Headquarters
of Jehovah’s Witnesses,
this is JW Broadcasting!